# Brightstone Cove Tseldora

Before exploring this area, purchase all Brightbugs from Melentia. The upper
portion of Brightstone Cove Tseldora is a small area with little notable loots.
You will find Benhart's summon sign inside one of the tents. To advance
Benhart's quest line, you must summon him for the fight against Prowling Magus
and the Congregation and ensure he survives the fight.

{% youtube id="z9KHexwr8Ds", title="32. Prowling Magus and the Congregation, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Notable loots:

-   Sunlight Medal. Dropped by the Falconers near the Royal Army Campsite
    bonfire. These items are used to rank up in the Heirs of the Sun covenant.
    You need to reach rank 3 in the covenant to receive the Sunlight Spear
    miracle, which is required to earn the Master of Miracles achievement.
-   Staff of Wisdom. Inside a Mimic at upper Brightstone Cove Tseldora, near the
    Royal Army Campsite bonfire. The Mimic can only be accessed by jumping down
    a well.
-   Estus Flask Shard. Found inside a room on an elevated platform. The room is
    located in the desert area and can only be accessed by dropping down from
    above.
-   Engraved Gauntlets. While equipped, you have 5% chance of dealing a critical
    hit. The gauntlets are found inside an iron chest (next to a wooden chest)
    and you must have the Tseldora Den Key to unlock the room containing the
    chest. The key is given by Pate or Creighton after you help one to defeat
    the other. This means that you must have been following the quest lines of
    both Pate and Creighton.
-   Brightstone Key. Used to open a door above the lair of The Duke's Dear
    Freja. The key is dropped by Duke Tseldora, who can be reached after you
    have defeated Freja. Use the key to unlock a room and grab these treasures:
    Black Knight Ultra Greatsword, Fire Seed, and Great Fireball.
-   Pickaxe. The method of spawning this weapon is obscure and the process can
    be tedious. Clear all enemies, except the two boars, from the Royal Army
    Campsite bonfire to the room above the lair of The Duke's Dear Freja. Run
    back to the Royal Army Campsite bonfire and lure a boar to the said room.
    Equipping the Redeye Ring would make it easier for the boar to constantly
    follow you. As soon as the boar enters the room, its attention would be
    directed to a patch of mushroom. It feeds on the mushroom and then the
    Pickaxe would spawn.
-   Fragrant Branch of Yore. Dropped by Duke Tseldora. You must first defeat The
    Duke's Dear Freja to access the Duke.

## Prowling Magus and the Congregation

Use any weapon you are comfortable with. As this is a gank boss, a weapon having
a horizontal swing is ideal for crowd control. Apply any elemental buff to your
weapon, but lightning or fire are recommended. Equip the Thunder Quartz Ring+1
to boost your lightning defense. Benhart is available to be summoned for this
fight. To advance his quest line, you should summon him for this fight and
ensure he survives the battle. His summon sign is rather hidden; find the sign
inside a tent near the Royal Army Campsite bonfire. The route from the bonfire
to the fog wall should first be cleared of all enemies. Then summon Benhart to
assist you against the boss.

Defeat the boss, head to the Chapel Threshold bonfire, and light it. Locate
Cromwell the Pardoner at the top of a nearby ladder outside the boss arena.
Cromwell is one of the merchants for miracles. For a fee, he can also absolve
any sins you have committed, e.g. you killed an NPC.

{% youtube id="DahJH7FSO2M", title="33. Brightstone Cove Tseldora, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

{% youtube id="qTrTchZLqMg", title="34. Brightstone Cove Tseldora: Estus Flask Shard, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

After defeating Prowling Magus and the Congregation, you should be in
Brightstone Cove Tseldora proper. This area can be difficult to explore in one
go without using a Homeward Bone to return to a bonfire. For this reason,
purchase all Homeward Bones from Sweet Shalquoir and use a Homeward Bone
whenever you want to restart your exploration. At this point in the game, Sweet
Shalquoir sells only Homeward Bone x 10 so ensure you use a Homeward Bone only
when absolutely necessary. You will find Weaponsmith Ornifex inside a room,
provided you have rescued her from the locked room at Shaded Woods. Purchase
some Flame Butterflies from her.

## The Duke's Dear Freja

{% youtube id="GfQN0XBQcWY", title="35. The Duke's Dear Freja, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against weapons that deal strike damage. Buff your weapon with
fire. The spider minions that spawn during the fight can be repelled by your
torch. As long as you hold a torch in one hand, the spider minions won't come
near you or attack you. Hold your torch in the left hand and one-hand your
weapon in the right hand, thus you only have to concentrate on dodging and
attacking Freja.

Defeat Freja, interact with the shiny item that spawns, make your way into a
room to kill an NPC who wears the Tseldora armour set, grab the loot, and head
into another room to light a Primal Bonfire. Aldia would spawn. Talking to him
here would initiate his quest line, which culminates in you fighting him as an
optional "final boss" of the game. Defeating Aldia in the end-game encounter
would yield nothing, no soul item or souls in your counter. Thus there is no
benefit in talking to him and follow his quest line, unless you want to fight
all optional bosses. Visit Tark at Shaded Woods and exhaust his dialogue to
complete his quest line. Visit Melentia and purchase all Brightbugs from her.
