# Darklurker

The Darklurker is an optional boss whom you fight after clearing three dungeons.
Clearing the dungeons and defeating the Darklurker is the quickest way to obtain
the Selfless Giver Steam achievement.

## Dungeon 1: Shaded Woods

{% youtube id="Wh-2vLR-VrQ", title="80. Dungeon at Shaded Woods, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Shaded Ruins bonfire and make your way to Darkdiver Grandahl, who
is located within an underground cave filled with various Basilisks. Exhaust
Grandahl's dialogue. This should be the first time that you talk to him.

## Dungeon 2: Black Gulch

{% youtube id="N7MreKIP67E", title="81. Dungeon at Black Gulch, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Hidden Chamber bonfire. Light your torch and walk along the
cliff, finding the location where you dropped off to reach the two Elite Giants.
Grandahl's location is the ledge atop the cave where you fought the two Elite
Giants. Use the Forgotten Key to unlock the stone doors leading to Grandahl and
exhaust his dialogue. This should be the second time that you talk to Grandahl.

## Dungeon 3: Drangleic Castle

{% youtube id="6UPulCgfmFc", title="82. Dungeon at Drangleic Castle, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Start from the Under Castle Drangleic bonfire. Light your torch, find a Dark
Stalker nearby, and defeat it. Then exhaust Grandahl's dialogue. This should be
the third time that you talk to him. Grandahl now offers you the chance to join
his covenant, i.e. the Pilgrims of Dark covenant. Join the covenant and a portal
would open, but don't use this portal yet.

Revisit Grandahl at Shaded Woods and offer him a Human Effigy so he would open
the portal at Shaded Woods. Interact with the portal and be transported to the
dungeon at Shaded Woods. Defeat all enemies within the dungeon, light a sconce,
make your way to the end of the dungeon and exit. In case your character dies
while in the dungeon, you must offer Grandahl another Human Effigy for him to
open the same portal. Next, revisit Grandahl at the Black Gulch. Offer him a
Human Effigy, he opens up a portal, interact with the portal, and be transported
to the dungeon at the Black Gulch. Your objectives while in this dungeon is the
same as per the dungeon at Shaded Woods. Finally, revisit Grandahl underneath
Drangleic Castle. The portal at Drangleic Castle should already be open. Before
entering the third dungeon, prepare your character for fighting the Darklurker.
Interact with the portal and be transported to the dungeon at Drangleic Castle.
Complete the same tasks as per the other two dungeons. After completing all
objectives within all three dungeons, exiting the third dungeon would transport
you to the arena of the Darklurker, the boss of all three dungeons.

## Darklurker

{% youtube id="o8YlWE83-vs", title="83. Darklurker, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This boss is weak against lightning. Use the strongest lightning miracle you
have or buff your melee weapon with Gold Pine Resin. The Darklurker deals only
elemental damage. Stack as high fire, dark, and magic defense as you can. This
is a boss that can only be fought solo. No summons are allowed, NPC or
otherwise.
