# Dragon Shrine

This area is difficult due to the various groups of Dragon Knights scattered
here and there on the way to the boss. Each Dragon Knight is easy when fought
one on one. The difficult part is that the Dragon Knights tend to be aggressive
as a group and gank you. Each group of Dragon Knights is usually accompanied by
a Drakekeeper. The Dragon Knights are not aggressive toward you unless you
attack them. Take this opportunity to dispatch of the nearby Drakekeeper and
then defeat the Dragon Knights one at a time. Use Poison Arrows to poison a
Drakekeeper, then spam Magic Arrows at the Drakekeeper. To fight a Drakekeeper
melee style, consider using the Tower Shield to block any attack. With the
Drakekeeper defeated, take the opportunity to backstab a Dragon Knight while the
whole group is passive towards you. There is a narrow passageway, with wooden
doors on either end, leading up to the boss arena. Use that passageway to funnel
the hordes of Dragon Knights, allowing you to effectively use thrust attacks,
vertical swing attacks, or projectiles. Whenever you are overwhelmed by the
Dragon Knights, run back to the bridge near the Dragon Shrine bonfire.

{% youtube id="TNE7uZAR1nI", title="48. Dragon Shrine, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Notable loots:

-   Twinkling Titanite x 1. In a wooden chest above the stairs, after the second
    group of Dragon Knights.
-   Titanite Slab x 1. Found inside a wooden chest near the summon sign of
    Bashful Ray.
-   Third Dragon Ring. This ring increases your maximum HP by 7.5%, your stamina
    by 12.5%, and your maximum equip load by 12.5%. The ring is useful whenever
    you need to equip heavy armour pieces and/or weapons while maintain below
    70% equip load.
-   You will find the Petrified Egg in the room where Dragonfang Villard invades
    you. The purpose of the Egg is to allow you to join the Dragon Remnants
    covenant. Give the Egg to Magerold at Iron Keep and he would allow you to
    join the covenant. Upon defeat, Dragonfang Villard has a chance to drop a
    Dragon Scale.
-   Dragon Scale. Use to level up in the Dragon Remnants covenant. Ranking up in
    this covenant has no effect on any Steam achievements. It's OK to ignore
    this covenant. However, ranking up in the covenant would reward you with
    various items. The Dragon Knights are a good source of Dragon Scales. To
    farm the Dragon Knights, equip the Covetous Gold Serpent Ring(+0,+1,+2), the
    Watchdragon Parma, and/or armour pieces that boost your item discovery. Get
    rid of the Drakekeepers first, then summon Bashful Ray to help you fight the
    Dragon Knights. Use a Rusted Coin if you have any. Bashful Ray should
    distract some of the Dragon Knights while you deal damage.
-   Fragrant Branch of Yore. Found in an iron chest, on a platform beneath where
    you grabbed the Petrified Egg.

## Ancient Dragon

This boss is initially passive. Enter the boss arena and exhaust the dragon's
dialogue to receive the Ashen Mist Heart. The boss also drops the Heart in case
you didn't exhaust its dialogue. Buff your weapon with lightning.

Defeat the Ancient Dragon and revisit the arena where you fought The Duke's Dear
Freja. Interact with a stone to enter the Dragon Memories, where you would be
able to collect the Ancient Dragon Soul.
