# Giants' Memories

The Ashen Mist Heart allows you to access the three memories of giants. You
should have obtained the Heart from the Ancient Dragon at Dragon Shrine. Upon
entering a giant's memory, you have a limited amount of time to do whatever you
need to do. When your time limit is exhausted, you would be forced out of the
memory. However, you can revisit a memory at any time. The purposes of visiting
the giants' memories are twofold. First, you want to collect all Souls of a
Giant. These will be used to complete Vendrick's quest line. Second, you want to
obtain the Giant's Kinship, which is required for unlocking the fight against
the final boss.

## Memory of Vammar

{% youtube id="9qASg71MvEo", title="77. Memory of Vammar, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This memory can be accessed by interacting with the tree-like giant corpse
located near the Cardinal Tower bonfire. Your objective should be to grab the
Soul of a Giant from a giant's corpse. Exhaust the dialogue of Captain Drummond
to initiate his quest line.

## Memory of Orro

{% youtube id="Omnp0dbweB8", title="78. Memory of Orro, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

To access this memory, interact with the giant corpse located at the end of the
arena where you fought the Pursuer, i.e. the arena with two ballistae. You
should see Benhart sitting near the giant corpse. Exhaust his dialogue here,
then enter the giant's memory and exhaust his dialogue again. Your next
objective should be to collect the Soul of a Giant near the end of the memory.

## Memory of Jeigh

{% youtube id="DdELLZuOeyQ", title="79. Memory of Jeigh, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This is a boss fight against the Giant Lord. Defeating the Giant Lord would
reward you with the Giant's Kinship, an item required to unlock the final boss
fight. Leave the Giant Lord alone until you are ready to face the final boss.
The Giant Lord is weak against dark. Buff your weapon with Dark Pine Resin or
Dark Weapon. To complete Benhart's quest line, summon him for this fight and
make sure he survives the fight. Don't summon Captain Drummond, otherwise you
won't be able to summon Benhart.

Defeat the Giant Lord and revisit Captain Drummond within the Memory of Vammar.
Exhaust his dialogue and he would gift you the Drangleic Helm. You would still
be rewarded even if you didn't summon Captain Drummond for the fight against the
Giant Lord. Also revisit Benhart in the Memory of Orro and exhaust his dialogue
to receive Benhart's armour set and weapon.
