# The Gutter

The whole area is a giant maze. One path loops back to the Upper Gutter bonfire.
The other paths won't allow you to reach the bonfire again, forcing you to use a
Homeward Bone. This area is one of many blighted areas in the game and isn't
ideal for farming souls because it's filled with statues that spit poison. Have
plenty of Poison Moss and Lifegem x 99. The statues can be broken with a weapon,
but each attack decreases your weapon's durability. Have plenty of Repair
Powder, equip the Bracing Knuckle Ring, or use a secondary weapon to hit the
statues. The Whip is effective at breaking multiple poison statues with one
horizontal attack. Or use your character's fist to punch a statue to rubbles.

{% youtube id="ENaUYBOPFSg", title="24. The Gutter, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Have your torch lit most of the time you are in the area to improve visibility
and help you navigate. Consequently, you should now be able to one-hand your
main weapon. More torch time can be farmed from the torch-wielding Undead
Laborers/Prisoners at these locations: No-man's Wharf, Huntsman's Copse, The
Gutter. At The Gutter, light the sconces to help you keep track of paths you
have visited. Lighting all sconces would spawn a red phantom named Gutter
Denizen at the bottom layer of the level. The Gutter Denizen is a magic caster.
Be ready with a shield that has as high magic defense as possible. Equip the
Magic Quartz Ring+1 to boost your magic defense.

Have at least 20 Firebombs in your inventory. You will need them to incinerate a
few oil pools, one of which contains a Coal Tar. For more precise aim, use Fire
Arrows with a bow. You will find a Mimic near the pools of oil. Use a Lloyd's
Talisman to help you safely grab the treasure inside the Mimic.

Notable loots:

-   Havel's set. An armour set boasting high physical and elemental defense. The
    armour set is found in an iron chest, behind a pair of stone doors near the
    Upper Gutter bonfire. The doors are opened by using the Forgotten Key,
    obtained in the Black Gulch after defeating two Elite Giants.
-   Fragrant Branch of Yore x 2. One is found on a corpse on a protruding beam,
    near a bunch of other corpses. The other Branch is found at the bottom layer
    of the area, after you have exited the area and near the entrance to the
    Black Gulch.
-   Estus Flask Shard. A rather hidden item because you must drop down and take
    a round-about route to get to this Shard.

There are no bosses at The Gutter. Descend to the bottom-most layer and light
the Black Gulch Mouth bonfire.
