# Huntsman's Copse

Go to the Rotunda at Majula, exhaust the dialogue of Licia, choose the option
"Move Path", and pay 2,000 souls so she would open the passage to Huntsman's
Copse. Make your way to Huntsman's Copse and light the Undead Refuge bonfire.
Locate Felkin the Outcast near the bonfire and exhaust his dialogue. He is a
merchant for Dark Pine Resin and hexes, among other items. Unless you have at
least 8 Intelligence and 8 Faith, Felkin would refuse to sell anything to you.
You need to stock up on Dark Pine Resin as soon as possible because some bosses
are weak against dark. Felkin also sells Dark Weapon, a hex that buffs your
weapon with dark for 90 seconds. Plan on levelling up to 16 Intelligence and 14
Faith in order to use Dark Weapon as well as to advance his quest line.

{% youtube id="QGczNwYjQjI", title="16. Huntsman's Copse Bridge Approach, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

The area between the Undead Refuge bonfire and the Bridge Approach bonfire is
littered with Undead Laborers and Captive Undeads. These enemies drop the
Prisoner's Hood and the Prisoner's Tatters, armour pieces that boost your item
discovery. Use these enemies to farm for the Prisoner's Hood and Prisoner's
Tatters as early as possible because you want to boost your item discovery as
high as possible when the time comes to farm for rare items such as upgrade
materials, covenant items, etc. Equip the Watchdragon Parma and pop a Rusted
Coin to boost your item discovery while you farm the Undead Laborers and Captive
Undeads.

{% youtube id="s_fmP5Z7hAI", title="17. Farming Raw Stones, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

You should now have the Watchdragon Parma and the Prisoner's Tatters, and
optionally the Prisoner's Hood as well. Equip those two (or three) items, join
the Company of Champions covenant, and use the Basilisk near No-man's Wharf to
farm for a Raw Stone. Start from the Unseen Path to Heide bonfire. Usually if
you kill a particular enemy 12 (or more times), the enemy would stop spawning.
Being a member of the Company of Champions allows most non-boss enemies to
respawn no matter how many times you kill them. Infusing your weapon with a Raw
Stone raises the base damage output of your weapon without having to invest more
points into Strength and/or Dexterity. You need only to have the required stats
to properly wield a weapon.

Notable loots:

-   Large Titanite Shard x 3. Dropped by the giant Basilisk at the bottom of a
    cave.
-   Poison Moss. This is dropped by the Great Moths. Farm these enemies to stock
    up on Poison Moss in preparation for Harvest Valley and Earthen Peak.
-   Sublime Bone Dust. Inside a mound, where a Royal Guard is found standing in
    front of an iron chest.
-   Undead Lockaway Key. Found on a corpse. Approaching the corpse would trigger
    Merciless Roenna to invade you. Defeat Roenna first, then grab the key.
    Alternatively, make a suicide run to grab the key. You need the key to
    unlock the Undead Lockaway bonfire as well as initiate the quest line of
    Creighton the Wanderer. Exhaust Creighton's dialogue and his summon sign
    should be available to help you fight the Skeleton Lords.
-   Estus Flask Shard. Found inside a cave filled with skeletons and Necromancer
    x 2. Kill the Necromancers first before dealing with the skeletons,
    otherwise the Necromancers would continually revive any skeletons you
    defeat.
-   Titanite Chunk. Dropped by the Crystal Lizard near where you grabbed an
    Estus Flask Shard.
-   Alluring Skull. Random drops by the skeletons inside the cave. Use Alluring
    Skulls to distract the skeleton minions during the fights against the
    Skeleton Lords and the Executioner's Chariot. Ten Alluring Skulls are
    available for purchase from Sweet Shalquoir. Alluring Skulls can also be
    farmed from the Undead Citizens found near Straid's Cell bonfire.

## Executioner's Chariot

{% youtube id="nUnQyfMsS64", title="18. Executioner's Chariot, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

This is a gank boss. The first part of the fight consists of killing Necromancer
x 2 while avoiding the skeletons and the chariot. Kill the Necromancers and let
the chariot take care of the skeletons for you. The skeletons are easily
distracted by Alluring Skulls. Wait for all skeletons to be killed by the
chariot, then pull a lever to stop the chariot horse from racing in circles
around the arena. The second part of the fight is to defeat the chariot horse.
Buff your weapon with fire or lightning. Aromatic Ooze is OK, but Dark Pine
Resin should be a last resort.

Defeat the Executioner's Chariot and light the Undead Purgatory bonfire. Exhaust
the dialogue of Titchy Gren, but don't join his covenant at the moment.

## Skeleton Lords

{% youtube id="Pa8of0NkURs", title="19. Skeleton Lords, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Another gank boss where, as soon as you enter the boss arena, you must fight
multiple skeletons at the same time. Use any weapon you are comfortable with,
preferably a weapon that has a horizontal swing to help you control the crowd.
The skeletons are weak against fire. Dark and lightning buff should be OK, but
magic buff should be considered a last resort as the skeletons are highly
resistant to magic. Summon Creighton to help you deal with the crowd, but you
might find it easier to solo the fight. You must defeat three large skeleton
lords and their skeleton minions. After a skeleton lord is defeated, it would
spawn a number of skeleton minions. The skeleton lord who is in the middle as
you enter the boss arena would summon Bonewheel Skeleton x 2 upon defeat.
Bonewheel Skeletons can be the trickiest and deadliest enemies in this fight. In
general, you should defeat one skeleton lord, wait for its minions to spawn,
dispatch of the said minions, then move on to the next skeleton lord. The
skeleton minions are easily distracted by Alluring Skulls.

Defeat the Skeleton Lords, proceed to the Poison Pool bonfire, and light it.
Find Stone Trader Chloanne sitting on a nearby rock. Exhaust her dialogue, rest
at the bonfire, and Chloanne should relocate to Majula.
