# Nashandra & Aldia

Return to the Throne of Want to take on the final boss(es) of the game.

{% youtube id="MHUYlH2HUBM", title="92. Nashandra and Aldia, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

## Nashandra

This boss is weak against lightning. Use a weapon that deals strike damage, e.g.
any great hammer. After defeating Throne Defender and Throne Watcher, if you
have already defeated the Giant Lord, then Nashandra would spawn to fight you.
However, you can prevent a two-part boss fight by defeating Throne Defender and
Throne Watcher first, then defeat the Giant Lord. That way, you wouldn't be
immediately forced into the fight against Nashandra once the Throne Defender and
Throne Watcher are defeated. Equip the Hollow Skin to negate the curse status
effect, making the fight against Nashandra much easier than without the Hollow
Skin. Nashandra tends to drain your HP whenever you're close to her. Consuming
an Elizabeth Mushroom can help to offset the HP drain. You might find a ranged
fight to be an easy way to deal with the boss, e.g. use the Avelyn to shoot
Lightning Bolts.

After defeating Nashandra, either of two events would occur. If you haven't been
following Aldia's quest line, then Nashandra is the final boss of the game and
you now have the option of choosing one of two endings. In case you have been
following Aldia's quest line, once Nashandra is defeated you would be thrown
into the fight against Aldia. Following Aldia's quest line means that you would
be doing a two-part boss battle. The first part is Nashandra and the second
Aldia. There is no benefit to fighting and defeating Aldia. You would not get
Aldia's soul nor would your soul counter be incremented. Being forced into the
fight against Aldia, after defeating Nashandra, isn't as bad as it sounds. As
soon as Aldia spawns, use a Homeward Bone to return to the last bonfire rested
at and prepare for the fight against Aldia.

## Aldia, Scholar of the First Sin

This is an optional final boss of the game. There is no benefit to fighting and
defeating Aldia. Buff your weapon with Gold Pine Resin and stack as high fire
defense as possible, e.g. equip the Flame Quartz Ring+3. Use a weapon that deals
strike damage, e.g. any great hammer. Only attack when Aldia is not immersed in
flame. Once Aldia is immersed in flame, quickly move away and use ranged attacks
such as Throwing Knives, a bow and arrows, or the Avelyn and Lightning Bolts.
