# Revisit Things Betwixt

Return to Things Betwixt to explore all areas and collect all treasures. Ensure
you have a Fragrant Branch of Yore. Find Ogre x 2 on a beach and defeat them.
Lure one at a time away from the beach to fight. If you approach the beach, the
Pursuer would spawn. After defeating the Ogres, exhaust the dialogue of
Housekeeper Milibeth and she would gift you the Handmaid's Ladle. For a high
level character, the Handmaid's Ladle might seem like a joke weapon, which it
really is. However, for a very low level character, such as an SL1 character,
the Handmaid's Ladle increases each of Vitality and Endurance by one point. The
weapon also increases Adaptability by two points, but at the cost of decreasing
one point in Dexterity. For an SL1 character, the Handmaid's Ladle can be paired
with the Peasant set to raise Adaptability to 14, enough to allow you to roll
through most attacks.

{% youtube id="6ZyJeA9SMgM", title="49. Return to Things Betwixt, Dark Souls II: SotFS" %}{% endyoutube %}

Exhaust Strowen's dialogue to receive Human Effigy x 6. Find the nest of the
Sparkling Sisters Dyna and Tillo. Trade with them by leaving each of the
following items on their nest, one at a time, to receive a random reward: Prism
Stones, Small Smooth & Silky Stones, Smooth & Silky Stones, Petrified
Somethings. A number of sconces are scattered throughout Things Betwixt. Similar
to the sconce invasion at The Gutter, light all sconces and an NPC red phantom
would spawn. Unlike the invasion at The Gutter, there are no messages to warn
that a red phantom has invaded.

Notable loots:

-   Stone Ring. A guaranteed drop from the Ogre near the Old Ladies' house.
-   Estus Flask Shard. On a corpse in a nest of Basilisks. The nest is blocked
    by a petrified enemy.
-   Elemental stones. Random drop by the Basilisks. The path to the nest of
    Basilisks is blocked by a petrified enemy. Some of the useful stones dropped
    by the Basilisks include Raw Stone (physical damage), Faintstone (magic
    damage), Boltstone (lightning damage), Firedrake Stone (fire damage), and
    Darknight Stone (dark damage). A melee weapon infused with a Raw Stone can
    still be buffed by the various elemental resins, e.g. Gold Pine Resin and
    Aromatic Ooze, as well as being buffed by various spells. However, a melee
    weapon infused with a stone other than a Raw Stone can only be buffed by a
    spell. For example, your sword can be infused with a Boltstone and you can
    also buff the infused weapon with Flame Weapon in order to have physical,
    lightning, and fire damage. On the other hand, the Boltstone infused sword
    cannot be buffed with Charcoal Pine Resin.
